Fix: #22185 Set nausea and intensity after test results are invaildated (#22199)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#22152] [Plugin] Negative signed integers are truncated.
- Fix: [#22161] Using arrow keys in textboxes crashes the game.
- Fix: [#22174] Cheats are reset when starting a server.

> - Fix: [#22185] Set nausea and intensity after test results are invaildated.

Reviewer: _How_ a bug has been fixed is irrelevant to the user. The changelog should list the problem that has been fixed:

```suggestion
- Fix: [#22185] Intensity and nausea are incorrectly sorted in the rides list after ratings invalidation.
```

> - Fix: [#22185] Set nausea and intensity after test results are invalidated.

Reviewer: _How_ a bug has been fixed is irrelevant to the user. The changelog should list the problem that has been fixed:

```suggestion
- Fix: [#22185] Intensity and nausea are incorrectly sorted in the rides list after ratings invalidation.
```

- Fix: [#22152] [Plugin] Negative signed integers are truncated.
- Fix: [#22161] Using arrow keys in textboxes crashes the game.
- Fix: [#22174] Cheats are reset when starting a server.

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: Please fix this.
